Update install-enable-network-atc.md (#3276)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-stack/hci/upgrade/install-enable-network-atc.md

## Steps to install and enable Network ATC

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > If you don't have running workloads on your nodes, execute [Step 4: Remove the existing configuration on the paused node without running VMs](#step-4-remove-the-existing-configuration-on-the-paused-node-without-running-vms) to remove any previous configurations that could conflict with Network ATC, then add your intent(s) following the standard procedures found in [Deploy host networking with Network ATC](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure-stack/hci/deploy/network-atc?tabs=22H2)

Reviewer: @helmste - I will need to check with the PM on this suggested change.

Author: @ronmiab - if you attempt to add an intent and conflicting settings exist on the cluster, this will cause an error.  The only way to avoid these conflicts is to ensure all possible conflicting settings are removed then add the intent.

Install-WindowsFeature -Name NetworkATC
```

> ### Step 2: Stop the Network ATC service

Reviewer: @helmste - I will need to check with the PM on switching this step.

Author: @ronmiab - the reason for switching the steps is because the step 1 of installing the Network ATC feature and then stopping the service need to be performed on all nodes.  If we make this the second step, the third step of pausing one node of the cluster and starting to update the configuration is done on just one node.  It prevents the customer from jumping back and forth from all nodes to one node back to all nodes then back to one node.

To prevent Network ATC from applying the intent while VMs are running, stop or disable the Network ATC service on all nodes that aren't paused. Use these commands:

```powershell
Set-Service -Name NetworkATC -StartupType Disabled
Stop-Service -Name NetworkATC
```

> ### Step 3: Pause one node in the cluster

Reviewer: @helmste - I will need to check with the PM on switching this step.

Author: same as above

When you pause one node in the cluster, all workloads are moved to other nodes, making your machine available for changes. The paused node is then migrated to Network ATC. To pause your cluster node, use the following command:

```powershell

> Suspend-ClusterNode

Reviewer: @helmste - I will need to verify this command with the PM.

Author: @ronmiab - this change was in conjunction with switching the steps.

### Step 5: Start the Network ATC service

> As a precaution, to control the speed of the rollout, we paused the node and then stopped and disabled the Network ATC service in the previous steps. Since Network ATC intents are implemented cluster-wide, perform this step only once.

Reviewer: @helmste - We stopped or disabled depending on how the reviewer would refer to the action. So, I think it's okay to leave this as it is.

Author: @ronmiab - the commands in the 'Stop the Network ATC service' do both actions (disable and stop).  I think this should reflect both actions since both need to be performed.  Stopping the service prevents the changes from propagating but disabling is an additional step that prevents the service from automatically restarting and propagating changes should the node be rebooted before actions are completed.

### Step 6: Add the Network ATC intent

> There are various intents that you can add. Identify the intent or intents you would like using the examples in the next section.

Reviewer: @helmste - I think the conjunction here is fine and it's recommended in our style guide. We can leave it as is.

Author: @ronmiab - that's fine to leave if you prefer.  I usually see these spelled out to avoid confusion.

> There are various intents that you can add. Identify the intent or intents you would like using the examples in the next section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are various intents that you can add. Identify the intent or intents you'd like by using the examples in the next section.
```
MS Style

> To add the Network ATC intent, run the `Add-NetIntent` command with the appropriate options for the intent you want to deploy.

Reviewer: @helmste - Given this is new content I think it's important that we detail the command. We can leave it as is.

Author: @ronmiab - The PowerShell command provided is completely wrong.  The command shown sets the service startup type to 'Automatic'.  This step is for customers to configure a new intent which is the 'Add-NetIntent' command.  The reason I did not spell out the command in its entirety is because there are MANY variations of the command depending on how the customer needs to configure their environment, and each has their own command which are detailed in the examples below.  If you want, I can provide more details such as:

Add-NetIntent <NameOfIntent> <Intent Types, Management, Compute, and/or Storage> <IntentOverrides> <VlanOverrides> 

or something similar.  This is a complex command, so I felt it was better served in the examples.

    Here's an example to implement this host network pattern:

    ```powershell

>     Add-NetIntent -Name MgmtComputeStorage -Management -Compute -Storage -AdapterName pNIC1, pNIC2

Reviewer: @helmste - Yes, please capitalize the "I" in Netintent.

Ensure that each intent added has an entry for the host you're working on. Also, make sure the **ConfigurationStatus** shows **Success**.

> If the **ConfigurationStatus** shows **Failed**, check to see if the error message indicates the reason for the failure. You can also review the Microsoft-Windows-Networking-NetworkATC/Admin event logs for more details on the reason for the failure. For some examples of failure resolutions, see [Common Error Messages](../deploy/network-atc.md#common-error-messages).

Reviewer: @helmste - I will need to check with the PM on this. It looks like it will refer customers back to an older v22H2 article: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure-stack/hci/deploy/network-atc?tabs=22H2 and I want to make sure that aligns with the current direction.

Author: @ronmiab - the article already pointed to the 22H2 doc.  At this point, the customers are still on 22H2, so these docs would still be applicable.  The only thing I added was to look in the Network ATC event logs for more information on the failure.

### Step 8: Rename the VMSwitch on other nodes

In this step, you move from the node deployed with Network ATC to the next node and migrate the VMs from this second node. You must verify that the second node has the same `VMSwitch` name as the node deployed with Network ATC.

> > [!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: @helmste - I will need to check with the PM on this.

> After the virtual switch is renamed, you must disconnect and reconnect each virtual machine so that it can appropriately cache the new name of the virtual switch. This is a disruptive action that requires planning to complete. If you do not perform this action, live migrations will fail with an error indicating the virtual switch doesn't exist on the destination.

Renaming the virtual switch is a non-disruptive change and can be done on all the nodes simultaneously. Run the following command:

```powershell
#Run on the node where you configured Network ATC

> Get-VMSwitch | ft Name

Reviewer: @helmste - Yes, please capitalize the "n" in name here.

#Run on the next node to rename the virtual switch
Rename-VMSwitch -Name 'ExistingName' -NewName 'NewATCName'
```

> After your switch is renamed, disconnect and reconnect your vNICs for the `VMSwitch` name change to go through. The command below can be used to perform this action for all VMs:

Reviewer: @helmste - I think it's important that customers know to wait on the change to go through before they run the next set of commands. We can adjust this to: **Once the name change goes through, run the following commands on each node.**

Author: @ronmiab - at this point, the virtual switch has already been renamed.  That change has already gone through in the previous set of commands.  The next step is to run the commands it is referring to in the next lines so each VM will pick up the new switch name.

```powershell
$VMSW = Get-VMSwitch

> $VMs = Get-VM

Reviewer: @helmste - Yes, please capitalize this.

```

> [!NOTE]

> > To apply the Network ATC settings across the cluster, repeat steps 1 through 5 (skip deleting the virtual switch as it was renamed), step 7, and step 9 for each node of the cluster.

Reviewer: @helmste - I don't think we need to add (skip deleting the virtual switch as it was renamed. Step 8 is not the only step that is being skipped. They are also skipping step 6. We can leave the note as is.

Author: @ronmiab - I do think we need to include this.  The reason is because the customers have already renamed their virtual switch on all their nodes.  If you don't add this step, they will assume they need to delete their virtual switch which defeats the purpose of renaming it.  The purpose of renaming the virtual switch is so Network ATC will assume managing the switch instead of having it create a new one which would further increase the customer's downtime needed to implement these changes.

## Next step

> Learn how to [Assess solution upgrade readiness for Azure Stack HCI](./validate-solution-upgrade-readiness.md).

Reviewer: @helmste - I don't see what has been changed here unless the text was deleted and added back.

Author: @ronmiab - I didn't change anything in this step, so I, too, was curious why this showed up as a 'new' line.
